we have seen previously that a no hit
polymorphisms of a single nucleotide of its marker due to the presence of
different nucleotides in a specific position of the human genome in different
individuals of the general population
here we have represented the individuals with their
all as they are more than two therefore to read them for each position
and we see in two concrete positions marked in red
as an individual has an atheist train I divide the guy from tinun age into
this case in this cinema one that so nick sessions
i the individual to this other position has excess while the individual b that
we are and vote for the minag and therefore he joins without hit
efe t
these are the two local variants the icas that are found in the population
general
by having two of your close grandchildren you can build ap the types a
haplotype is a combination specifically alleles
for aldo cesm and pce in this case they are in the same as soma
here we see two possible haplotypes in these individuals a tc haplotype
which is what leads the individual to in his chromosomes and another haplotype
haplotype
that we could call gt because that is the combination of alleles for both is
mix that leads this individual of his as we are
logically if not of the individuals it is esoteric zygote for one of the is my weight
The possible number of haplotypes is greater
in this case we see how the individual to st 2 'and vote for him is nick 1
carries an art and a g
and the guy unbe that zygote shot for him is my type 2 here a pc and an art
therefore besides the haplotypes that we already had the haplotype tc
or the haplotype people
appeared a new haplotype formed by the alleles ges the haplotype gc
these groups what blew typical or are very important the haplotypes that
is very close they are inherited together because they are in imbalance of
linkage and you can find what is up to 20 this mix different like
these that we see represented here
that erre have four different types in this case
and these blocks as a peak are inherited together and that's why they matter
for him the studies of mapping and genetic linkage of diseases
complex as another chapter will look
interesting thing now
is that these blocks can be detected
Indo genotyping only some of them is an ex that the form is not
necessary genotyping all but some of these is mix allow
deduct
which type is the one that each individual carries and this logically allows
greatly reduce the number of genotyping be necessary to sweep all the
human genome